docs(models): naming convention info (#112)
nextauthjs/docs: docs/adapters/models.md

:::tip
Due to users forgetting or failing at the sign-in flow, you might end up with unwanted rows in your database, that you might have to periodically clean up to avoid filling the database up with unnecessary data.
:::

## RDBMS Naming Convention

> In the NextAuth v4 some schemas for the providers which support classic RDBMS type databases, like Prisma and TypeORM, have ended up with column names with mixed casing, i.e. snake case and camel case. If this is an issue for you or your underlying database system, please take a look at the "Naming Convention" section in the Prisma or TypeORM page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the NextAuth.js v4 some schemas for the providers which support classic RDBMS type databases, like Prisma and TypeORM, have ended up with column names with the mixed casing, i.e. snake_case and camelCase. If this is an issue for you or your underlying database system, please take a look at the "Naming Convention" section on the Prisma or TypeORM page.
```
